[ROCK-3762] Discovery Deploy k8s (#252)
Stratio/discovery: k8s/keos/README.md

   Temporarily, deploy your own postgres service:
    ```shell
    kubectl apply -f temporal/postgres-storage.yaml
    kubectl apply -f temporal/postgres-deployment.yaml
    kubectl apply -f temporal/postgres-service.yaml
    ```

   It is required a database, schema and user in database (Postgres). As at the moment CCT does not execute prerequisites you will have to run this sentences in your postgres service:
    ```roomsql
   -- Connect with postgres
    CREATE USER discovery SUPERUSER INHERIT CREATEDB CREATEROLE REPLICATION;

    -- Connect with discovery user
    CREATE DATABASE discovery;
    CREATE SCHEMA discovery;
    GRANT CONNECT ON DATABASE discovery to discovery;
    ```

## Deploy Rocket

[Edit](./discovery-deployment.yaml) the docker image and apply the service & deployment.
```shell
kubectl apply -f discovery-config.yaml
kubectl apply -f discovery-deployment.yaml
kubectl apply -f discovery-service.yaml
```

The hostname and path used to expose Discovery are define by the [Ingress descriptor](./rocket-ingress.yml)
The default Rocket URL is http://public.whiskey.kubernetes.stratio.com/discovery/

> Add public.whiskey.kubernetes.stratio.com to /etc/hosts, using the address returned by the 'kubectl get nodes -o wide' command in nodes with role NONE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must define inside your /etc/hosts a resolution for the address "public.whiskey.kubernetes.stratio.com".
Execute 'kubectl get nodes -o wide' and map the above-said address to the INTERNAL-IP of any of the returned nodes whose role is NONE. 
```
